484 create table with start columnstore policy immediately and  selecting partition column optional (#4529)
timescale/docs: _partials/_create-hypertable-columnstore-policy-note.md

When you create a $HYPERTABLE using [CREATE TABLE ... WITH ...][hypertable-create-table], the default partitioning 
column is automatically the first column with a timestamp data type. Also, $TIMESCALE_DB creates a 
[columnstore policy][add_columnstore_policy] that automatically converts your data to the $COLUMNSTORE after an interval 

> that matches the default [chunk_interval][create_table_arguments]. This columnar format enables fast scanning and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[columnstore policy][add_columnstore_policy] that automatically converts your data to the $COLUMNSTORE, after an interval equal to the value of the [chunk_interval][create_table_arguments], defined through `compress_after` in the policy. This columnar format enables fast scanning and 
```
